Whether it rains or not, I do NOT cancel the event. So whenever you want to participate, please check the weather beforehand yourselves to decide whether to come or not. If cycling is proposed, it might be replaced by hiking though.
There is no absolute meeting point. If you find a good place, you can post it on Telegram and people will probably follow. Likewise, there is no need for you to follow the train schedule; you can join us wherever you want.
Whether you sign up or not, you can decide not to come in the end and you don’t need to apologise for that (it’s actually better that people don’t write an extra message because anyway I get so many messages shortly before the event).
Often we don’t know where to have a break, but often in the middle of nowhere. Feel free to suggest a location if you find a good place. It would be helpful if you could bring your own picnic blanket etc.
If you are not familiar with the railway system in Germany: it is EXTREMELY unreliable. Better check it out several times before you take the train. If you can have some buffer space, it will certainly be helpful.
It is highly recommended to download the map from the Komoot site or the GPX file and load it on the app of your choice, because people walk differently fast. Don't worry if you don't have the map; someone nearby will have it so just remember to stick to them.
We don't have a clear rule when it comes to waiting for other people on the way. Usually we don't stop the entire group to wait for the ones behind, but at the same time we also try to make sure that people nearby are doing fine. If you decide to wait or not wait, we have confience in your judgement.
We try to organize an event every week. It’s going well so far, but I would love to see people who want to co-organize the event, just to make sure that it takes place even if I cannot come in the end (because I might be ill or so). There’s really nothing to do so feel free to contact us!
If you are participating for the first time, you might get the impression that everyone knows each other. That’s not really true, as every time there is quite a large number of new people joining and there aren’t many who participate every time, i.e. even those who have been there often don’t know each other.
